{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Nakka Chakradhar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2016-2020 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BTech, Electrical Engineering}; Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Currently pursuing third year in Bachelor of Technology and Honors in Electrical Engineering.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Current CGPA : 8.86\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2014-2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Intermediate Education}; FIITJEE, Hyderabad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Cumulative marks : 98.1%\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2010-2014\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Primary Education}; Little Flower High School, Hyderabad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 CGPA : 9.7\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Facial Recognition with OpenCV, DLib and a flavor of FaceNet}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Implemented a real-time face recognition module on web-cam footage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Achieved 98% accuracy on a custom made dataset. Also achieved live face recognition on 720p webcam feed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804/Face-Gait_recognition"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub repo
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Gait recognition with Keras}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Implemented a gait-recognition deep-net by cascading two networks - HumanPoseNN and GaitNN.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Achieved an accuracy of 92.8%\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804/Face-Gait_recognition"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub repo
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Lung Tumor Segmentation}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Worked on segmentation of lung tumors on DICOM images as a part of IEEE VIP-CUP problem statement (VIP-CUP 2018). Secured 6th position in the same.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Inter IIT Tech Meet 2017}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Worked on \u8216'Soldier Support\u8217', a problem statement offered by DRDO. 7th position among all IITs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Gesture Recognition: Made a functional gesture recognition module attached to a glove, capable of capturing any hand movement in 3-D space.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The module could guess 39 out of 43 gestures specified by DRDO, with probability 1.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AD-HOC Localization: Implemented localization of Raspberry PIs in an ad-hoc network to locate and pinpoint any device in the network.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The module was capable of tracking nodes in a radius of 100m in closed room environment and around 200m in outdoor environment.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Smart Meter}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Made a working prototype smart energy meter capable of tracking energy consumption and relaying it to a server in real-time.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Summer Internship}; NemoCare (CFHE - IIT Hyderabad)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Interned as an IoT developer. Worked on a module to collect and transmit health data of infants to a single hub.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Used Arduino IDE and open-source I2C libraries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Winter Internship}; Hexagon Capability Center\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Worked on point cloud segmentation using PointNet architecture and tested the feasibility of transfer learning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Summer Internship}; Philips Innovation Campus (Bangalore)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Worked on risk models for medical applications, especially RISK SLIM and implemented the same using open-source non-linear optimisation tools with Python.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Machine Learning and Deep Learning Frameworks}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tensorflow\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Keras\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scikit-learn\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Python Packages}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Matplotlib, PIL, OpenCV\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Areas of Interest}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Machine Learning and Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Image and Video processing, GANS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Related Coursework}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217've undertaken courses on Introduction to AI and ML, Representation Learning, Video Content Analysis, Data Analytics, Random process, Linear Algebra, Digital Modulation Techniques, Information Theory, Digital Signal Processing, IoT and pursued mini-projects in these areas.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub Repo
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Achievements and CCA\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Selected for the KVPY programme and was eligible for KVPY scholarship\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Megathon 2k17 Runners-up (Hackathon conducted at IIIT Hyderabad) for our Smart Power Meter project\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Secured AIR 2015 in JEE-Advanced 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Co-ordinator for Elektronica - the Electronics Club of IIT Hyderabad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked as Teaching Assistant under Dr.\u160?Sushmee Badhulika\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ee16btech11022@iith.ac.in"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ee16btech11022@iith.ac.in
}}}
 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:chakri1804@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
chakri1804@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github.com/chakri1804
}}}
\line +91 8500584109 \u8226? +91 9398941169 \u8226? DOB: 18/04/1999\line Address - 17-1-388/P/82, Purnodaya Colony, Saidabad, Hyderabad\par}
}
