{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Nakka Chakradhar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2016-2020 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BTech, Electrical Engineering}; Indian Institute of Technology (Hyderabad)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Currently pursuing Bachelor of Technology, third year and Honors in Electrical Engineering.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Current CGPA : 8.8\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Facial Recognition with OpenCV, DLib and a flavor of FaceNet}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Implimented a real-time face recognition on Web-cam footage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Achieved 98% accuracy on a custom made dataset.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Face recognition on videos was achieved at 24 FPS. The input was a 60FPS capable 720p webcam\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.example.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub repo
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Gait recognition with Keras}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Implimented a gait-recognition deep-net by cascading two networks - HumanPoseNN and GaitNN.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Achieved an accuracy of 92.8%\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.example.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub repo
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Lung Tumor Segmentation}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Worked on segmentation of lung tumors on DICOM images as a part of IEEE VIP-CUP problem statement (VIP-CUP 2018).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Inter IIT Tech Meet 2017}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Worked on the Soldier Support Problem statement offered by DRDO. Finished 7th overall across all IITs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Gesture Recognition: Made a functional gesture recognition module attached to a glove, capable of capturing any hand movement in 3-D space.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The module could guess 39 out of 43 gestures specified by DRDO, with probability 1\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AD-HOC Localization: Implemented localization of Raspberry PIs in an Ad-hoc network to locate and pin- point any device in the network.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The module was capable of tracking nodes in a radius of 100m in closed room environment and around 200m in an outdoor environment.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Smart Meter}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Made a working prototype smart energy meter capable of tracking energy consumption and relaying it to a server in real-time.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Summer Internship}; NemoCare (CFHE - IIT Hyderabad)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Interned as an IoT developer. Worked on a module to collect and transmit health data of infants to a single hub\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Used Arduino IDE and open-source I2C libraries for the same\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Machine Learning and Deep Learning Frameworks} :\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tensorflow\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Keras\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scikit-learn\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Python Packages} :\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Matplotlib, PIL, OpenCV\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Programming Languages} :\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Python (Proficient)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab C (Intermediate)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Bash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Latex\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Octave\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Related Coursework} :\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217've undertaken courses on Introduction to AI and ML, Representation Learning, Data analytics, Random process, Linear Algebra, Digital Modulation Techniques, Information Theory, Digital Signal Processing, IoT and persued mini-projects in these areas.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub Repo
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Achievements and CCA\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Selected for the KVPY programme and was eligible for KVPY scholarship\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Megathon 2k17 Runners-up (Hackathon conducted at IIIT Hyderabad) for our Smart power meter project\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Secured AIR 2015 in JEE-Advanced 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Co-ordinator for Elektronica - the Electronics Club of IIT Hyderabad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked as Teaching Assistant under Dr.Sushmee Badhulika (Electric Circuits course)\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:chakri1804@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
chakri1804@gmail.com
}}}
 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ee16btech11022@iith.ac.in"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ee16btech11022@iith.ac.in
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/chakri1804"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github.com/chakri1804
}}}
\line +91 8500584109 \u8226? +91 9398941169 \u8226? DOB: 18/04/1999\line Address - 17-1-388/P/82, Purnodaya Colony, Saidabad, Hyderabad\par}
}
